# Matplotlib Analysis
#### Background
##### You've just joined Pymaceuticals, Inc., a new pharmaceutical company that specializes in anti-cancer medications. Recently, it began screening for potential treatments for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), a commonly occurring form of skin cancer.
##### As a senior data analyst at the company, you've been given access to the complete data from their most recent animal study. In this study, 249 mice who were identified with SCC tumors received treatment with a range of drug regimens. Over the course of 45 days, tumor development was observed and measured. The purpose of this study was to compare the performance of Pymaceuticals’ drug of interest, Capomulin, against the other treatment regimens.
##### The executive team has tasked you with generating all of the tables and figures needed for the technical report of the clinical study. They have also asked you for a top-level summary of the study results.
# Analysis
##### In the clinical study, 248 mice were tested by 10 different drug regimens. The bar chart shows that Capomulin and Ramicane regimens tested the highest with over 200 mice and Propriva tested the lowest with 150 mice. Out of 248 mice, by gender, 122 were female and 126 were males. The correlation between mouse weight and the average tumor volume is 0.84. In the linear regression model, the results show that when mouse weight increases, the average tumor volume increases. In the box plot, Capomulin and Ramicane tested very close, but Capomulin had the least final tumor volume of each mouse aftere the study was complete.   
  
